Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and
does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of
Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or
other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related
information available on an "as-is" basis. Creative Commons gives no
warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their
terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons
disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the
fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and
conditions that creators and the public can rely upon. The following
considerations for the public also apply to creators and the public
should follow them in order to make use of the licensed material.

1. Public License Considerations

By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International Public License ("Public
License"). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a
contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your
acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You
such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from
making the Licensed Material available under these terms and
conditions.

2. You are free to:

   * Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
   * Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the
license terms.

3. Under the following terms:

   * Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to
     the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in
     any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the
     licensor endorses you or your use.

   * NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial
     purposes.

   * No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or
     technological measures that legally restrict others from doing
     anything the license permits.

4. Notices:

   * You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the
     material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an
     applicable exception or limitation.

   * No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the
     permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other
     rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how
     you use the material.

For the full license text, please visit:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/legalcode 